[vcpkg] Track hashes of cmake script helpers in consuming portfiles (#12254)
microsoft/vcpkg: docs/maintainers/vcpkg_common_definitions.md

VCPKG_TARGET_IMPORT_LIBRARY_SUFFIX       import library suffix for target (same as CMAKE_IMPORT_LIBRARY_SUFFIX)
VCPKG_FIND_LIBRARY_PREFIXES              target dependent prefixes used for find_library calls in portfiles
VCPKG_FIND_LIBRARY_SUFFIXES              target dependent suffixes used for find_library calls in portfiles

> VCPKG_SYSTEM_LIBRARIES                   list of libraries are provide by the toolchain and are not managed by vcpkg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VCPKG_SYSTEM_LIBRARIES                   list of libraries that are provided by the toolchain and are not managed by vcpkg
```
